
JavaTM API for XML Processing
README

Specification Version: 1.5
Reference Implementation (RI) Version: 1.5.0

The Java API for XML Processing (JAXP) enables applications to parse,
transform, validate and query XML documents using an API that is
independent of any particular XML processor implementation. JAXP
provides a pluggability layer to enable vendors to provide their own
implementations without introducing dependencies in application code.
Using this software, application and tool developers can build
fully-functional XML-enabled Java applications for e-commerce,
application integration, and web publishing.

The Java Platform, Standard Edition version 7 and 8 include JAXP
1.5. JAXP 1.5 is a maintenance release of JAXP 1.4 with support for
new security related properties.  JAXP 1.5 FCS was released on
August 30, 2013 with a code base the same as that in JDK 7u40. JAXP 1.5.0, 
including changes/bug fixes as listed in the change log, is now in
Java SE 7 update 40.  For information about the current development activities,
please refer to the JAXP project on Java.net (http://jaxp.java.net/).

Release Notes:

    JAXP 1.5.0 Release Notes (docs/ReleaseNotes.html)

This bundle installs the following files and components:

    * jaxp-api.src.zip -- JAXP API source files.
    * jaxp-ri.src.zip -- JAXP RI source files.
    * jaxp-api.jar -- JAXP API jar file under the lib directory.
    * jaxp-ri.jar -- JAXP RI jar file under the lib directory.
    * Samples -- samples demonstrating some use cases of JAXP. 
      Please refer to samples/README for more details.

Licenses:

    * This software is licensed under Common Development and
      Distribution License.Refer to CDDLv1.1.txt.
    * Additional copyright notices and license terms applicable to
      portions of the software are set forth in the 3rd Party License
      README, as well as JSR173 License.

Guide:

    JAXP 1.5 Guide (docs/JAXP1.5Guide.html)

Feedback: 

You may use the mailing lists for JAXP to send us feedback. For
general questions, please join us in the JAXP forum
(http://home.java.net/forums/java-web-services-and-xml/jaxp) or post your
messages to users@jaxp.java.net. For issues and bugs, please use
issues@jaxp.java.net. You may need to subscribe to the mailing
lists in order to send and receive messages.
